# 12/06/24 Sprint 4 Planning
Attended by: Rashi Bhansali, Shyam Sriram, Mitch, Shouhardik, Kenny Liu, Philemon Putra, Zihan, Jet Zhao

## Introduction
This meeting serves to plan issues and other logistics for the upcoming sprint #4.

## New Issue Ideas
1. Rashi and Shyam bring snacks to the meeting tomorrow.
2. Code support MVP is a spike task; further discussion is needed tomorrow (we don't need to be able to run code, just write and save snippets of code - pyscript, prismjs) 
3. Shyam, Mitch, and Rashi - Work on Releases and Code Deployment
4. Mitch - Work on Codacy
5. Shouhardik, Kenny - Research Code Support 

## Notes
1. Issue drafts have been created on our project board ready to be picked up.
2. Plan for code freeze on Wednesday (11th).
3. Discuss videos in the check-in meet tomorrow.

<img width="985" alt="Screenshot 2024-12-06 at 3 45 37â€¯PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7d8cc2af-8ed9-442a-a012-6fccf58b6eb7">
